the ball is thrown from one end of the
court to the other the ball must hit the
ground no more than six meters from your
own goal and must hit the ground again
at least six meters from the
opposition's goal you defend it by
throwing your body in front of it
they've always 1.25 kilos and has three
bells in it being thrown at you probably
today only speeds up to about 25 miles
an hour but I'm folds are worn so that
it's a totally level playing field and
so whether you have no sight or a little
bit of sight or you're fully sighted as
you guys will be everybody can play I
will say straight up it looks like when
you're watching it quite a slow thing to
watch there's not much happening like
it's just if people very gently lying
down you're actually in the heat of it
when you're sure they discern using only
only your ears hopefully they can hear
the ball coming to them and tracking
them all is a skill that develops and
the more you play you just love yourself
bodily in there football goalkeeper I
like a good time don't you since it gets
a dingle-dangle dingle-dangle
what you do is you stretch yourself out
as long as you can and then the best tip
I can say is tuck your face in behind
your shoulder because if you've Tunes
behind your shoulder it doesn't hurt the
Glasgow intermediate team we have
represented her Majesty the Queen and we
scored zero absolutely not one point
they weren't trying very hard and we
still Scott nothing yeah they got a lot
it we started getting like near the end
we started getting it vaguely in the
right direction but they were they were
they dead cotton dogs yeah we weren't
getting anything and they were throwing
like yes they were we didn't win nor did
you scoff no friendly did we look like
we were gonna score but we did hit them
yes we are on the lookout for sports to
attempt to get just one point in so if
you know any odd unknown sports tell us
about it because we might want kind of
like you've got to be silent the
audience have be silent everyone has to
be silent hang on
he's a very loud fart a penalty yes yes
it is that's gonna get your noise
penalty